[charts-pro] Add data sampling for large bar charts (#22830)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/charts/performance/performance.md

```

See [Bar charts—WebGL renderer](/x/react-charts/bars/#webgl-renderer), [Scatter charts—WebGL renderer](/x/react-charts/scatter/#webgl-renderer), and [Heatmap—WebGL renderer](/x/react-charts/heatmap/#webgl-renderer) for details and demos.

## Sampling [<span class="plan-pro"></span>](/x/introduction/licensing/#pro-plan 'Pro plan')

When a zoomable chart has more data than the drawing area can show without making elements
too small, the data can be reduced to a zoom-appropriate level of detail before rendering.
Levels are precomputed per zoom level, so panning and zooming stay smooth and the chart only

> draws as many elements as the view can resolve.

Reviewer: Does it need to be zoomable? Is it worth displaying 1M data points on a 500px screen because they can not zoom?

```suggestion
When a zoomable chart has more data than the drawing area can show without making elements
too small, the data can be reduced to an appropriate level of detail before rendering.
```

Reviewer: Up

- `'m4'`: pixel-accurate—keep the first, min, max, and last point of each bucket (line series).
- `'lttb'`: [Largest-Triangle-Three-Buckets](https://skemman.is/handle/1946/15343), keeps one representative point per bucket to preserve the shape (line series).

Zoom in to progressively reveal more detail; sampling turns off once the view can resolve every element.

Sampling also keeps a hard ceiling on the number of rendered elements (2,000). Once the view fits under it, the chart renders every visible element untouched; while a zoomed-in view still holds more than that, it stays sampled even when each element would be wide enough to draw on its own—so a very dense dataset never floods the renderer at any zoom level.

### Bar sampling

Bars are merged into buckets that keep each range's value envelope, so spikes and troughs survive.
Any method other than `'none'` enables it (bars always use a min/max envelope).

```jsx
<BarChartPro series={series} sampling="minmax" />
```

{{"demo": "BarSampling.js"}}

### Line sampling

Lines support all three algorithms; pick the one that best fits your data.

```jsx
<LineChartPro series={series} sampling="m4" />
```

> {{"demo": "LineSampling.js"}}

Reviewer: Should we add an H3 section about composition sampling?

`BarChartPro` and `LineChartPro` accept a `sampling` prop that selects the method:

- `'none'` (default): render every element.
- `'minmax'`: keep the min and max of each bucket.
- `'m4'`: pixel-accurate—keep the first, min, max, and last point of each bucket (line series).
- `'lttb'`: [Largest-Triangle-Three-Buckets](https://skemman.is/handle/1946/15343), keeps one representative point per bucket to preserve the shape (line series).

Zoom in to progressively reveal more detail; sampling turns off once the view can resolve every element.

Sampling also keeps a hard ceiling on the number of rendered elements (2,000). Once the view fits under it, the chart renders every visible element untouched; while a zoomed-in view still holds more than that, it stays sampled even when each element would be wide enough to draw on its own—so a very dense dataset never floods the renderer at any zoom level.

:::info
The zoom `minSpan` is a percentage, so the most zoomed-in view always renders about `dataLength × minSpan / 100` elements. On a very large dataset, keep the axis `zoom.minSpan` small so the deepest zoom doesn't render too many elements at once.

> :::

Reviewer: If you really want to keep this behavior of switching from a subsample to no subsample when reaching the minSpan, at least modify the bar demo such that minSpan is small enougth to have all the level visible

Here is the zoom experience with and without adapted min span

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8c4e4d84-87b3-43ab-860c-825ba2909216

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9199946c-6c20-4c79-9b34-7bdda6ad449c

### Comparing methods

The same 8,784-point series rendered with each method at the same zoom. `'none'` is the reference (every point); the others approximate it with far fewer elements while preserving the overall shape.

{{"demo": "SamplingMethodComparison.js"}}

### Bar sampling

Bars are merged into buckets that keep each range's value envelope, so spikes and troughs survive.
Any method other than `'none'` enables it (bars always use a min/max envelope).

```jsx
<BarChartPro series={series} sampling="minmax" />
```

{{"demo": "BarSampling.js"}}

### Line sampling

> 
> Lines support all three algorithms; pick the one that best fits your data.
> 
> ```jsx
> <LineChartPro series={series} sampling="m4" />
> ```
> 
> {{"demo": "LineSampling.js"}}
> 

Reviewer: Since we already have section comparing the 3 methods
```suggestion
Lines support all three algorithms; pick the one that best fits your data.
See [Comparing section](#comparing-methods).

```jsx
<LineChartPro series={series} sampling="m4" />
```

```
